New Note about Bandwidth Alliance to Tiered Cache (#5266)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cache/how-to/enable-tiered-cache.md

## Smart Tiered Cache

Smart Tiered Cache dynamically selects the single best upper tier for each of your website’s origins with no configuration required, using our in-house performance and routing data. Cloudflare collects latency data for each request to an origin, and uses the latency data to determine how well any upper-tier data center is connected with an origin. As a result, Cloudflare can select the best data center with the lowest latency to be the upper-tier for an origin.

## Bandwidth Alliance may interrupt Tiered Cache

> Enterprise customers can override Bandwidth Alliance configuration with Tiered Cache, for all other customers Bandwidth Alliance will take precedence. To understand more read [Bandwidth Alliance](/cache/about/tiered-cache/#bandwidth-alliance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enterprise customers can override Bandwidth Alliance configuration with Tiered Cache, for all other customers Bandwidth Alliance will take precedence. For more information, please refer to [Bandwidth Alliance](/cache/about/tiered-cache/#bandwidth-alliance).
```
